Added Documentation for Depth of tree (#431)
TesseractCoding/NeoAlgo-Docs: docs/data-structures/depth-of-tree.mdx

  * Now just by looking at the definition, we can conclude that the maximum depth of the tree is 3 as there are 3 edges between the root node and the furthest leaves. 

<p align="center">
  <img width="700" height="400" src="https://i.imgur.com/xl6FpfC.png" />
</p>

- **Depth of a Node**
  * According to the definition, we can find every node's depth by counting the number of edges from the root node to that node. In the above example, as we can see, `Node A` is the root node, so the number of edges in the path from the root node that is Node A to Node A is 0. So the depth of Node A is `0`.
  * Similarly for `Node B`, the number of edges in the path from Node A to Node B is 1. So the depth of Node B is `1`. 
  * We can find the depth of the rest of the nodes similarly.

<p align="center">
  <img width="700" height="400" src="https://i.imgur.com/jcB5zNa.png" />
</p>

## Algorithm

In this section, we will discuss the algorithmic steps performed to find the depth of the tree.

#### Maximum Depth of Tree

> * If the root is null, then the depth of the tree is 0.

Reviewer: Use backticks around numbers

* Else, start from the root and, 
  * Recursively find the maximum depth of the left sub-tree.
  * Recursively find the maximum depth of right sub-there.
* Obtain the larger depth out of them and increment it by one.

#### Depth of a Node

* If the root is null, return -1.
* If the root is equal to the value of the node whose depth we are supposed to find, print depth = 0.
* Else, recursively check if the node is present in either of the sub-trees.

> * If found, calculate the distance between the root node and the given node.

Reviewer: Use backticks around numbers

    while(n--)
    {	
        int k; cin>>k;
        t.insert_data(k);
    }
    cout<<"\nDepth of tree:"<<t.depth_of_tree()<<endl;
    return 0;	
}
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="py">

```python
class TreeNode:
    def __init__(self, val):
        self.val = val
        self.left = None
        self.right = None

class Tree:
    def __init__(self, root):
        self.root = TreeNode(root)

    def get_node_depth(self, node, val, depth):
        if node is None:
            return -1

        if node.val is val:
            return depth

        l_depth = self.get_node_depth(node.left, val, depth+1)
        r_depth = self.get_node_depth(node.right, val, depth+1)

        return max(l_depth, r_depth)

    def get_maximum_depth(self, node, depth):
        if node is None:
            return -1

        l_depth = 1 + self.get_maximum_depth(node.left, depth+1)
        r_depth = 1 + self.get_maximum_depth(node.right, depth+1)

        return max(l_depth, r_depth)

tree = Tree(1)

tree.root.left = TreeNode(2)
tree.root.right = TreeNode(3)
tree.root.left.left = TreeNode(4)
tree.root.left.right = TreeNode(5)
tree.root.right.left = TreeNode(6)
tree.root.right.right = TreeNode(7)

> 

Reviewer: Don't use static input. Make it dynamic and ensure that the I/O sample for both C++ and Python matches.

# Printing the depth of each node
for i in range(1, 8):
    print(tree.get_node_depth(tree.root, i, 0))
   
# Printing the maximum depth of the tree
print("Maximum Depth: ", tree.get_maximum_depth(tree.root, 0))

# Print -1 for the depth if the node is not present in the tree
print("If element not present", tree.get_node_depth(tree.root, 10, 0))
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Sample Input and Output

#### Sample Input
```
Enter number of elements in tree: 7
Enter elements to insert in  tree: 50 60 40 55 30 70 45 
```

#### Sample Output
```
Depth of tree : 3

         50                         level 1
      /     \
     /       \
    40        60                    level 2
   /   \     /   \
  /     \   /     \

> 30    45  55      70                level 3

Reviewer: Is this even a part of the output?

Author: No, it's not. I just added it for the explanation, but I'll remove it now

<p align="center">
  <img width="600" height="400" src="https://i.imgur.com/TqZUag3.png" />
</p>

- **Maximum Depth of Tree/ Height of Tree**
  * In the above example, as we can see, `Node A` is the root node and `Node G` and `Node H` are the tree's leaf nodes. Here `Node F` is a leaf node as well, but to find the maximum depth of the tree, we take only the leaf nodes which are furthest from the root node, so in this example, we will neglect the Node F to find the depth.
  * Now just by looking at the definition, we can conclude that the maximum depth of the tree is 3 as there are 3 edges between the root node and the furthest leaves. 

<p align="center">
  <img width="700" height="400" src="https://i.imgur.com/xl6FpfC.png" />
</p>

- **Depth of a Node**
  * According to the definition, we can find every node's depth by counting the number of edges from the root node to that node. In the above example, as we can see, `Node A` is the root node, so the number of edges in the path from the root node that is Node A to Node A is 0. So the depth of Node A is `0`.
  * Similarly for `Node B`, the number of edges in the path from Node A to Node B is 1. So the depth of Node B is `1`. 

>   * We can find the depth of the rest of the nodes in the similar fashion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * We can find the depth of the rest of the nodes similarly.
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="700" height="400" src="https://i.imgur.com/jcB5zNa.png" />
</p>

## Algorithm

> In this section, we will discuss about the algorithmic steps performed to find the depth of tree.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, we will discuss the algorithmic steps performed to find the depth of the tree.
```

#### Maximum Depth of Tree

* If the root is null, then the depth of the tree is 0.
* Else, start from the root and, 
  * Recursively find the maximum depth of the left sub-tree.
  * Recursively find the maximum depth of right sub-there.
* Obtain the larger depth out of them and increment it by one.

#### Depth of a Node

* If the root is null, return -1.

> * If the root is equal to the value of the node who's depth we are supposed to find, print depth = 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the root is equal to the value of the node whose depth we are supposed to find, print depth = 0.
```

* Else, recursively check if the node is present in either of the sub-trees.
* If found, calculate the distance between the root node and the given node.

## Code

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

<Tabs
  defaultValue="cpp"
  values={[
    { label: 'C++', value: 'cpp', },
    { label: 'Python', value: 'py', },
  ]
}>

<TabItem value="cpp">

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

struct node {
    node(int x): data(x), left_child(NULL), right_child(NULL) {}
    int data;
    node *left_child;
    node *right_child;
};

class bin_tree{
    node *root;
public:
   // constructor of tree
    bin_tree()
    {
        root = NULL;
    }
    void insert_data(int x){
        //if tree is empty
        if(!root)
        {
            node *tnode = new node(x);
            root = tnode;
        }
        //if tree if not empty
        else
        {
            node *temp =root;
            while(1)
            {
                //if data to be inserted is less then the data of current node
                if(x < temp->data )
                {

>                     //if left child of current node is node present we simple add new node with the data to be inserted

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                    // if a left child of the current node is node present we simply add a new node with the data to be inserte
```

                    if(!temp->left_child)
                        {
                            node *tnode = new node(x);
                            temp->left_child = tnode;
                            break;
                        }
                    //else we change the current node pointer with pointer of left child node pointer
                    else
                        temp = temp->left_child;
                }

>                 //if data to be inserted is grater then or equal to the data of current node

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                // if data to be inserted is greater than or equal to the data of the current node
```

                else
                {

>                     //if right child of current node is node present we simple add new node with the data to be inserted

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                    // if a right child of the current node is node present we simply add a new node with the data to be inserted
```
